# pyproject
Craigslist Web Scraper

Scouring Craigslist.org is a great way to find bargains on all sorts of items, and Python is a popular choice for building web scrapers. We can combine these two thoughts to build a powerful tool. 
	The scope of this project is ambitious, but yet simple. The goal is to create a web scraper for atlanta.craigslist.org and have it able to find postings under desired variables (title, price, location, etc). Once an eligible posting is found, the program will then email you so that you are notified as soon as possible. This will be built for users who are comfortable with Craigslist and enjoy finding secondhand goods for cheap prices. This could even expand to higher priced commodities such as vehicles and apartments for rent. 
	On the technical side of the project, the software will require a web-scraping library such as BeautifulSoup, Selenium, or Scrapy. I’ll need to choose the one that works best for me and my skill level. Once I’ve chosen a library, I'll need to figure out which data I’d want to extract. For example, I might want to extract the title, price, and location of each item. Python code will have to be created to navigate to those relevant Craiglist pages in search of eligible listings. Furthermore, I believe I will have to create some sort of database or even CSV resources to store the data that was collected. 
	If I have enough time, I would like to include a notify feature to the app that will email me whenever a listing is found under my desired variables. For python, I can use something like the smtplib library to accomplish this easily. 
	I see this project as a one-man task since it ultimately comes down to one’s knowledge of Python and it’s libraries, rather than sheer workload. For this to be a two-man level project, it would need to have a GUI created for it or perhaps turned into a web application. I intend to keep it a one-man project at this time. 
